Hello. My name is Noah Gift and I'm the Founder
of Pragmatic AI Labs and I wrote the book,
Pragmatic AI: An Introduction to Cloud-Based Machine Learning,
as well as the book, Python for DevOps by O'Reilly.
I lecture at Northwestern, UC Berkeley, and UC Davis.
Today, I'm going to discuss container orchestration with Kubernetes. Let's get started.
First, we're going to go through and install Kubernetes.
Let's go ahead and pop into that screen and do that.
One of the first components to install for Kubernetes is the kubectl command.
You can see on this terminal that we're going to download
the kubectl command itself from Google.
There's a curl command I operate where I go through and I look at Kubernetes releases,
and then I grab one specifically for my platform.
In this case, it's going to be Darwin or the OS X platform.
When I run this, it goes through and it verifies that I can actually curl a command.
Then next, you can see that I can actually run kubectl to verify that,
in fact, it does work.
If I do the help message,
I have all these options available that allow me to install kubectl.
The second step is to actually install Minikube.
There's also an option of I can install Kubernetes via the Docker framework.
But let's go through and look at the Minikube option.
To install Minikube, the first thing we want to do is make sure
that the machine I'm running on actually supports virtualization.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to run this command on OS X
that looks at all the features that are available for my CPU.
One trick that I'm going to do is I'm going to grep for VMX.
What that does is it shows me that in red,
my machine actually supports virtualization.
So great. I can install Minikube.
Now that I've verified that my machine can run Minikube,
I'm going to install it via the brew system.
So I'm going to install brew cask install minikube.
Great. Minikube was successfully installed.
Now, we're ready to actually begin using Kubernetes.